Add n_components="auto" to NMF when H and W are provided (#26634)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.4.rst

  :meth:`base.OutlierMixin.fit_predict` now accept ``**kwargs`` which are
  passed to the ``fit`` method of the the estimator. :pr:`26506` by `Adrin
  Jalali`_.

> - |Enhancement| The default value in the `n_components` parameter of :func:`non_negative_factorization` in :class:`decomposition.NMF` and
>   :class:`decomposition.MiniBatchNMF` will change from `None` to `auto` in version 1.6, so that its value is automatically computed when H is provided.
>   :pr:`26634` by :user:`Alexandre Landeau <AlexL>` and :user:`Alexandre Vigny <avigny>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:mod:`sklearn.decomposition`
............................

- |Enhancement| An "auto" option was added to the `n_components` parameter of
  :func:`decomposition.non_negative_factorization`, :class:`decomposition.NMF` and
  :class:`decomposition.MiniBatchNMF` to automatically infer the number of components
  when using a custom initialization. The default value of this parameter will change
  from `None` to `auto` in version 1.6.
  :pr:`26634` by :user:`Alexandre Landeau <AlexL>` and :user:`Alexandre Vigny <avigny>`.
```

Author: fixed in b3529bb1a0b276990b2124907d9b2f9b8f790b5d
